We are not very concerned that you get the correct answer.  We are more interested in
 seeing how you work to construct a solution.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Paul needs to identify what materials are in his sample.  Paul used our microscope 
to record a spectrum on his sample, and now he is using our software to try to identify 
the material in the sample.

   We have a database of spectra that were recorded from different pure materials.  We 
must write a program to look for a match between Paul's sample spectrum and the spectra 
in our database.

Paul's sample spectrum is saved in the file sample.csv.

1. The first version of our database contains spectra in the files reference1.csv, 
      reference2.csv, reference3.csv, reference4.csv.  These spectra were all recorded at 
      the same wavenumbers as Pauls's sample spectrum, so comparison is simple.
   Write code that determines which spectrum from the database is the most like Paul's 
      sample spectrum.

2. We expanded our spectra database and added the files reference5.csv, reference6.csv. 
      This is great for Paul, but requires a modification to our code.  The new spectra 
      are not recorded with the same range or step size as the original spectra in the 
      database.
   Adjust your code from #1 to determine which spectrum from the updated database is the 
      most like Paul's sample spectrum.

3. (Extra credit)
   Paul now thinks he knows what materials his sample contains.  They correspond to 
      reference2 and reference6.csv.  When a sample contains multiple materials, they are 
      usually not mixed evenly in the sample.  Paul needs to identify how these materials 
      are distributed in his sample.  He will record many spectra across the sample, but 
      first he is testing our software's computations.
   Write code to determine what is the ratio of the two materials in Paul's sample 
      spectrum.
